NAME
    Module::MakefilePL::Parse - parse required modules from Makefile.PL

REQUIREMENTS
    Perl 5.6.1 is required.

    The following modules are required:

      Test::More
      Test::Warn

Installation
    Installation can be done using the traditional Makefile.PL or the
    newer Build.PL methods.

    Using Makefile.PL:

      perl Makefile.PL
      make
      make test
      make install

    (On Windows platforms you should use nmake instead.)

    Using Build.PL (if you have Module::Build installed):

      perl Build.PL
      perl Build
      perl Build test
      perl Build install    

SYNOPSIS
      use Module::MakefilePL::Parse;

      open $fh, 'Makefile.PL';

      $parser = Module::MakefilePL::Parse->new( join(" ", <$fh>) );

      $info   = $parser->required;

DESCRIPTION
    The purpose of this module is to determine the required modules for
    older CPAN distributions which do not have META.yml files but use
    Makefile.PL and ExtUtils::MakeMaker.

    Presumably newer style Makefile.PL files which use Module::Install or
    Module::Build already have META.yml files in their distributions.

    Please see the module documentation for more details.

REVISION HISTORY
    The following changes were made since v0.04:


    For a more thorough revision history, see the Changes file included
    with this distribution.

SEE ALSO
    These other modules will also provide meta-information about CPAN
    distributions:

      Module::CoreList
      Module::CPANTS::Generator::Prereq
      Module::Info
      Module::Dependency
      Module::Depends
      Module::PrintUsed
      Module::ScanDeps

    Note that '<Module::CPANTS::Generator::Prereq' does the same thing
    as this module, so it's likely that any future work will be merged
    into that project than on maintaining this module.

AUTHOR
    Robert Rothenberg <rrwo at cpan.org>

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
    Copyright (C) 2004 by Robert Rothenbeg. All Rights Reserved.

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.4 or, at
    your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

